---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "infoblox_ip_allocation Resource - terraform-provider-infoblox"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# infoblox_ip_allocation (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `fqdn` (String) The host name for Host Record in FQDN format.

### Optional

- `allocated_ipv4_addr` (String) Value which comes from 'ipv4_addr' (if specified) or from auto-allocation function (using 'ipv4_cidr').
- `allocated_ipv6_addr` (String) Value which comes from 'ipv6_addr' (if specified) or from auto-allocation function (using 'ipv6_cidr').
- `comment` (String) A description of IP address allocation.
- `dns_view` (String) DNS view under which the zone has been created.
- `enable_dns` (Boolean) flag that defines if the host record is to be used for DNS purposes.
- `ext_attrs` (String) The extensible attributes for IP address allocation, as a map in JSON format
- `ipv4_addr` (String) IPv4 address of cloud instance.Set a valid IP address for static allocation and leave empty if dynamically allocated.
- `ipv4_cidr` (String) The IPv4 cidr from which an IPv4 address will be allocated.
- `ipv6_addr` (String) IPv6 address of cloud instance.Set a valid IP address for static allocation and leave empty if dynamically allocated.
- `ipv6_cidr` (String) The IPv6 cidr from which an IPv6 address will be allocated.
- `network_view` (String) network view name on NIOS server.
- `ttl` (Number) TTL attribute value for the record.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `internal_id` (String) Internal ID of an object at NIOS side, used by Infoblox Terraform plugin to search for a NIOS's object which corresponds to the Terraform resource.
- `ref` (String) NIOS object's reference, not to be set by a user.
