---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "infoblox_zone_auth Resource - terraform-provider-infoblox"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# infoblox_zone_auth (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `fqdn` (String) The name of this DNS zone. For a reverse zone, this is in 'address/cidr' format. For other zones, this is in FQDN format. This value can be in unicode format. Note that for a reverse zone, the corresponding zone_format value should be set.

### Optional

- `comment` (String) Comment for the zone; maximum 256 characters.
- `ext_attrs` (String) The Extensible attributes of the zone, as a map in JSON format
- `ns_group` (String) The name server group that serves DNS for this zone.
- `restart_if_needed` (Boolean) Restarts the member service.
- `soa_default_ttl` (Number) The Time to Live (TTL) value of the SOA record of this zone. This value is the number of seconds that data is cached.
- `soa_expire` (Number) This setting defines the amount of time, in seconds, after which the secondary server stops giving out answers about the zone because the zone data is too old to be useful. The default is one week.
- `soa_negative_ttl` (Number) The negative Time to Live (TTL) value of the SOA of the zone indicates how long a secondary server can cache data for 'Does Not Respond' responses.
- `soa_refresh` (Number) This indicates the interval at which a secondary server sends a message to the primary server for a zone to check that its data is current, and retrieve fresh data if it is not.
- `soa_retry` (Number) This indicates how long a secondary server must wait before attempting to recontact the primary server after a connection failure between the two servers occurs.
- `view` (String) The name of the DNS view in which the zone resides. Example: 'external'
- `zone_format` (String) Determines the format of this zone. Valid values are: FORWARD, IPV4, IPV6; the default is FORWARD

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
